hey guys welcome back tough to open top
site that is part of what cases we're
doing take a look at the website on top
of screen if you haven't checked it out
yet as there is almost four years worth
of breaks on there as far as links
videos or picture highlights there's
stories about some of our box breakers
and of course opportunities to enjoin us
for future breaks should you showed so
choose so five star let's see we got
chris carter base out of 79 I've got the
Vikings go to the base on the back which
is Chad number dive 79 Brock Bengals is
19th century Indiana Jones and a hines
ward mr. Dancing with the Stars number 2
79 Steelers is lr44 34r it's a su
sighting number to a 75 rookie auto and
I sit there for I zorz demand second
su-- auto from this break next up a
nice-looking Marcus easily numbered out
of 43 color patch my soundcard auto
bills go to Bob coning so that's easily
the best bills hit side Spiller get it
easily that well this I like Steve Young
inscriptions auto I swear they said
inscriptions on here somewhere but I
don't see it but in this case Super Bowl
29 MVP is his inscription on card auto
number eight number out of 10 for the
end of mine so I'm loving the young very
nice very nice
speaking of very nice nice jerseys I've
got a duel it's a CJ spiller with a
four-color auto four color jersey patch
whatever you want to call it and then
Jonathan Dwyer so number 24 I'm 10 this
goes to the team on the left as in our
rules that goes to the bills it's Bob
coning getting that one nice nice
Spiller patch our booklet to Gerald
McCoy wife in the box that goes to Cape
it 1978 speaking of nice patches man
three colors on the top four well count
the stitching we'll go three colors on
the bottom there and then two in the
quarter and the auto it's a nice Gerald
McCoy numbered 15 and 25 for the box so
if it's Cape it 1978 so again pretty
pretty solid got the Sioux and then yeah
Steve Young and great Spiller patch so
keep it going more coming